**Title: Shopping Basket Application**

**Objective**: Develop a full-stack application to manage a shopping
basket, calculate the total price of grocery

items, apply discounts, and display a detailed receipt.

**Requirements:**

1\. Backend Development (C#):

Functionality:

• Create a C# application that processes a list of basket items.

• Implement logic to calculate the total price, applying relevant
discounts.

• Generate a receipt detailing the final cost, including individual
discounts.

Discounts:

• Apples: 10% discount off their normal price this week.

• Multi-buy: Buy 2 tins of soup and get a loaf of bread for half
price.

Items Available:

• Soup: €0.65

• Bread: €0.80

• Milk: €1.30

• Apples: €1.00 per bag

2\. Frontend Development:

User Interface:

• Create a simple webpage to support defined functionality.

• Provide input fields for users to enter the quantity of each basket
item.

• Include a button to submit the basket items and calculate the total
price.

• Display the receipt with detailed costs and applied discounts.

3\. Database \[Optional\]:

Storage:

• Use a database of your choice to store item prices.

• Optionally, persist transaction history for further analysis and
record-keeping.

4.Testing and Code Quality:

Testing:

• Write unit tests to ensure the correctness of the price calculation
logic.

• Implement integration tests to verify the interaction between the
frontend and backend.

• Use suitable testing frameworks (e.g., xUnit for C#, Cypress for
Frontend).

Code Quality:

• Follow best practices and coding standards.

• Ensure the code is clean, maintainable, and well-documented.

• Apply SOLID principles where applicable.

**Detailed Instructions:**

1.Backend Development:

• Create a C# Project: Set up a new C# project. Define classes for
basket items and discounts.

• Business Logic: Implement methods to calculate total price and apply
discounts.

• Receipt Generation: Develop functionality to generate a detailed
receipt, listing each item, its price, applied

discounts, and the total cost.

2\. Frontend Development:

• Setup Project: Initialize a new web project. Create components for
user input and receipt display.

• User Inputs: Design a form for users to input quantities of each
item.

• Submit and Display: Implement a submit button to send data to the
backend and display the returned

receipt.

3.Database Integration \[Optional\]:

• Database Setup: Configure a MySQL database to store item prices and
transaction history.

• Data Access: Implement data access logic to fetch prices from the
database and save transaction history.

4\. Testing and Code Quality:

• Unit Tests: Write unit tests for price calculation and discount
application logic.

• Integration Tests: Ensure the frontend and backend work together
seamlessly through integration tests.

• Code Review: Review code for adherence to best practices and coding
standards.

5.Bonus:

• Transaction History: Implement functionality to save and display
past transactions.

• User Authentication: Add user authentication to save personal
shopping baskets.

• Advanced Features: Implement additional features that enhance user
experience or improve functionality.

• Submission:

• Code Repository: Provide a link to a public GitHub repository
containing the complete project.

• ReadMe File: Include a ReadMe file with instructions on how to set
up and run the project, as well as an

explanation of the code structure and design decisions.

• Deployment: Optionally, deploy the application on a cloud platform
and provide a link to the live version.

**Evaluation Criteria**:

• Functionality: Completeness and correctness of the implemented
features.

• Code Quality: Adherence to coding standards, readability, and
maintainability.

• Testing: Coverage and effectiveness of unit and integration tests.

• User Interface: Usability and design.

• Documentation: Clarity and thoroughness of the ReadMe file and
inline comments.****
